## Journals

Please keep all of your individual journals in this directory.

Each team member is required to keep a development journal, which should be a single markdown file with an entry for each day the project was worked on.

Recommended naming convention is `first_last.md`.


03/09/23
Pretty slow day; with most of our issues fixed only did some small work to include the calendar in the nav bar and added tests back to our final pipeline. Cleaned up some print statements, console logs, and styled the calendar to fit more closely with the aesthetic of our project. No major aha.

03/08/23
With our site deployed, we faced issues with routing between various pages. Spent most of the day trouble shooting with the team, trying various different methods to make the routes work. Major aha when we realized we needed to use basename with BrowserRouter
to make everything work properly.

03/07/23
Continued working on the calendar and finished it. Referenced Michelle's meal card file a lot, as she had already gotten most of the logic for adding and deleting meals together, just needed to make a few minor changes to make it work out. No major aha moment, just found it interesting to look at her code and the different ways we would do things and create sort of a hybrid between her code and mine.

03/06/23
Continued working on the calendar. Noticed there was a strange issue that the background would turn completely black when opening the modal for adding a recipe through the cards generated by the calendar. Also, when opening the modal, the date I chose to be displayed would always be the last date in the range. Major aha when I realized that my logic was faulty; I was generating all of the modals directly with a map function in the body of the return. When I opened a modal under a calendar card, it would actually open all of the modals, but only display the last one on top. I created a modal component, which I then input in the map function, which allowed each modal to be distinct from each other.

03/03/23
Began working on stretch goals; decided to implement the calendar to allow for addition of meals to the selected date. Spent a good amount of time looking for a nice calendar library that would provide the functionality I was interested in. After selecting,
spent about an hour just messing with it and using different console logs to determine the outputs that I could get with it. Began coding the logic for getting string dates from selection of the calendar and displaying cards with dates. Aha moment came when I realized that I was overusing state, which caused some continuity issues; greatly simplified my usage of state for part of my implementation.

03/02/23
Began working on adding capability for deleting recipes. Big aha moment was when I realized I would need to delete any meal that had reference to the recipe before being able to delete the recipe itself. Was really nice how django does the on delete cascade,
greatly simplifying the deletion of things that may point to other tables.

03/01/23
Got my unit testing working and made some updates to the recipe detail page, introducing better formatting as a card. Major aha with the unit testing and dependency overriding. Realized after some assistance from Paul and Rosheen that for my particular test,
we are essentially testing if the response model has been changed.

02/28/23
Spent most of the day trying to figure out unit testing. Watched some of the lecture videos and read documentation online. No major aha, as I did not get unit testing working today.

02/27/23
Continued work on the front end. Performed a few merge requests while waiting to merge my code into main. Reconfigured some of the code to link functionality between the web pages. Took a look at the authentication on the front end with Mack, helped figure out the issue and proposed a solution.

02/24/23
Completed page to allow users to create recipes. Big aha moment after realizing I did not config the fetch properly to include the credentials. Got it working.

02/23/23
Finished up authorization/authentication, successfully protected one endpoint, simple process so didn't completely protect all endpoints to give others a chance to work on that. Started working on front end, page to allow users to see a recipes details. Big aha when trying to create dynamic links, realized I could map through the array of recipes and create a route for each one off of the ID. Took awhile to get there. Very fun to complete this.

02/22/23
Today we all worked together on authorization. It was a major pain in the butt and we got stuck with the login right after the user is created. We were successfully creating the user but logging in and receiving the token was not working.

I worked on my own after class; I spent a lot of time tracing the flow inside of the source code for jwt-down. Had to look at Passlib documentation to figure out what was going on with pwd_context.verify. Finally realized that it was supposed to compare a plain password to the saved hashed one, and confirm if they matched, rather than comparing the hashed input password to the saved hashed password. Very satisfying to figure out.

02/21/23
Today we worked on getting all of our merge requests completed and making sure everything worked properly after that was completed.

The big aha moment was realizing that making merge requests when there is a massive queue of people who's code all touches the same stuff is a hassle and not very fun.

02/16/23
Today we all worked on getting our migrations in order and getting api end points setup for creating recipes and users.

On my own I worked on getting api end points setup for getting user details and getting a list of all created recipes. I was having some difficulty with creating the individual instances of the recipes after getting all the columns from the SQL tables, but once I started liberally using print statements it went much smoother.

02/15/23
Today we were all working together on getting the databases created, as well as finalizing our docker compose file. Finalized discussion on our database schemas.
